#2014-04-23_NextSteps

I'm really sorry this is late - losing Monday threw me. Next week all will be back to proper service. 

##General stuff
Now you've got the Highland Fling out of the way, I'm not really sure how much time you have available for writing, and so I'm not sure how much to ask from you. However, I'm aware that we're nearly through April, and I think we talked about getting this finished by the end of May, so I'm going to push you on it (unless you tell me priorities have shifted).

I don't get the change reports for the files, so it would be handy to be able to see what's changed on the page - Track Changes and Add Comments are the bits of Word that I struggle to do without when editing. We've got the Notes bit sorted but is there a way we can make changes obvious?

##On to the actual work...

I'm struggling with 20/30 Aria attributes. I think there's a fundamental bit of info missing from my head - about what a 'role' is, and how it relates to other things. I don't know if you'll need to explain this to your reader, but I think you and I need to talk about it, because without it I'm really struggling to work out what's going on in this section, so I've left that section for now. 

I've also set up an Editorial Notes file, which I normally give to all clients. (I also give a Summary Notes file, but that's during the main edit phase, so we'll get to that.) It holds 'top level' comments, about either major things or recurrent issues and is probably the best place to start each week.


##Next Steps

Up to you which way you take it, though I suggest A over B.

Either

A) Write 7,000 more words of first draft (your new talk can be part of this if it has to, but it would be better if it was bonus word count - yay for extra credit!)
or
B) Go back and edit what you've already written AND add in the new talk.  

You choose. But let me know the updates are done by 6pm on Monday. Ta :) 

##Coffee
You do get a face-to-face meeting each month as part of the package, to chat through any questions/issues. Let me know if you want it this month and, if so, give me some times that would work best for you next week. Illegal Jacks worked well last time but I'm happy to switch to somewhere else if you prefer. I think I'd rather not have it in front of Bat, unless we make it properly in front (like 5pm or something) so we keep focussed.

Reckon that all for now. 
See you soon,
S